## Compendium Review

*Please check off boxes as applicable, and elaborate in comments below.  Your review is not limited to these topics, as described in the reviewer guide*

- [ ] As the reviewer I confirm that there are no conflicts of interest for me to review this work (If you are unsure whether you are in conflict, please speak to your editor _before_ starting your review).

#### Data

- [ ] Data are clearly separated from code and other items in the compendium
- [ ] Large data files are deposited in a trustworthy data repository and referred to using a persistent identifier
- [ ] Data are documented ...somehow...

#### Documentation

The compendium includes all the following forms of documentation:

- [ ] **A description of the compendium** clearly describing the purpose of the compendium and its target audience in README
- [ ] **Citation:** Instructions on how to cite the compendium in a form that can be copy and pasted
- [ ] **Installation instructions:** for the development version of compendium and any non-standard dependencies in README
- [ ] **Community guidelines** including contribution guidelines in the README or CONTRIBUTING, and DESCRIPTION with `URL`, `BugReports` and `Maintainer` (which may be autogenerated via `Authors@R`).
- [ ] **Manuscript** one or more Rmd files that are the primary narrative documents. For example,as a manuscript for submission to a journal, or a report prepared according to disciplinary conventions. The Rmd file should include text and R code and be executable to produce a HTML/PDF/Word file.

And optionally:

- [ ] **Vignette(s)** demonstrating major functionality that runs successfully locally
- [ ] **Function Documentation:** for all exported functions in R help
- [ ] **Examples** for all exported functions in R Help that run successfully locally

#### Functionality

- [ ] **Execution of the manuscript:** The Rmd file(s) can be rendered to HTML/PDF/Word, complete with figures and tables
- [ ] **Installation:** Installation succeeds as documented.
- [ ] **Functionality:** Any functional claims of the software been confirmed.
- [ ] **Performance:** Any performance claims of the software been confirmed.
- [ ] **Automated tests:** Unit tests cover essential functions of the package
   and a reasonable range of inputs and conditions. All tests pass on the local machine.
- [ ] **Packaging guidelines**: The package conforms to the DataONE packaging guidelines

#### Final approval (post-review)

- [ ] **The author has responded to my review and made changes to my satisfaction. I recommend approving this compendium.**

Estimated hours spent reviewing: 

---

### Review Comments

